#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / yyxy - rendezvous 18.6y"
Chuu: Oh, what is that?
(A family of sheep living between abandoned buildings)
Chuu: There were sheeps...
Chuu: But they ran away after seeing us coming.
Yves: I guess we shouldn't go into there!
Yves: However I'm going in~
Yves: Looks scary~
Yves: Please shoot this!
Yves: That looks like a something from a horror movie~
Yves: Skeleton!
Yves: Do you know where we are going?
(They arrvied at the inside of the building)
Olivia Hye: This place looks like the place I took my music video...
Olivia Hye: I mean an incineration plant.
Oilvia Hye: Look at this, the concept is so cute
Olivia Hye: So I'm really wondering how it will turn out!
Yves: We have to be cooler than cool when we take pictures here.
(Looks really cool...)